INT-3333: Return empty list as is from DB gateway (#3907)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/jpa.adoc

For more information, see https://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=317[JSR 317: Java™ Persistence 2.0]
====

> NOTE: Starting with version 6.0, the `Jpa.retrievingGateway()` returns an empty list result as is.
> Previously it was converted to `null` with the meaning "no reply".
> It causes an extra configuration in the applications where empty list handling is a part of business logic.
> See <<./splitter.adoc#split-stream-and-flux,Splitter Discard Channel>> for possible empty list handling option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Starting with version 6.0, the `Jpa.retrievingGateway()` returns an empty list result when there are no entities returned by the query.
Previously `null` was returned ending the flow, or throwing an exception, depending on `requiresReply`.
Or, to revert to the previous behavior, add a `filter` after the gateway to filter out empty lists.
It requires extra configuration in applications where empty list handling is a part of the downstream logic.
See <<./splitter.adoc#split-stream-and-flux,Splitter Discard Channel>> for possible empty list handling options.
```
